So depending on the type of the gripper you might notice that the way the fingers close affects the grasp success outcome, so for example in the case of that 3 finger gripper. You might wanna test different types of inputs in your classifiers to see what type of info helps to better represent good and bad grasps. You can keep it simple and just use the relative hand poses in the beginning, then you might wanna test adding for example the average center of contact points on the objects? You can be creative here and come up with different types of inputs. But the least you can use is the relative hand poses.
So every grasp data sample in your dataset should have an input representation (at least the relative hand poses in the object frame) and a corresponding binary output label denoting if the grasp is good or bad (which is decided based on if we can lift the object without dropping/Slipping).

Some more clarifications: a successful grasping is about placing the hand around the object, close the fingers and lift it without dropping it or the object slipping. The goal of the project is to train a classifier that can distinguish good and bad grasps per object and the given hand. In order to achieve that you need to generate a dataset of good and bad grasps for an object and hand. You generate grasp poses around the object and save features from the grasps and also the success labels. So each data sample has grasp features and success labels. A classifier is trained to learn the labels for the corresponding features. Features to extract can be relative hand poses (position and orientation) with respect to the object frame and other properties such as contact points (you can use the center of the contact points for each finger). You can experiment and see which features lead to best success rates for the classifier. You can start with just using the hand only. Then if there is time you can add an arm. Adding an arm means for each grasp location you need to use inverse kinematics for the arm so that you can check if the grasp poses are reachable by the arm. But using the arm is not required to pass. Try to write your code in a way that we can use it for different objects. It would be great it is not only dedicated for one hand. Of course there are hand-specific things you will be using for example the number of fingers and how the grasps are executed. Try to design your code so that it is not only tailored for one specific hand. But initially not to make it too complicated, you can focus on one hand and one object, train a classifier using them, and test the classifier with new grasps that are not used in training, but generated similarly to the training phase. Then once you have all that, see how the code can be changed to use another object and hand. Let me know if you have any questions.
